Fix small typos in the root md files (#134609)
elastic/kibana: STYLEGUIDE.mdx

can run `node scripts/eslint --fix` to fix linting issues and apply Prettier formatting.
We recommend you to enable running ESLint via your IDE.

> Whenever possible we are trying to use Prettier and linting overwritten style guide rules.

Reviewer: I actually think the spacing was intentional here 🙂 

But it might be clearer to say:
```suggestion
Whenever possible we are trying to use Prettier and linting instead of maintaining a set of written style guide rules.
```

Author: good suggestion, done!

### Modules

Module dependencies should be written using native ES2015 syntax wherever

> possible (which is almost everywhere):

Reviewer: This is just a nit, but I think the colons are actually helpful because it makes it clearer in cases like this that the code snippet is being provided as an example of the sentence directly preceding it.

Author: yup that makes sense. I've reverted this one and the others I had changed

### Use "rest" syntax rather than built-in `arguments`

> For expressiveness’ sake, and so you can be mix dynamic and explicit arguments.

Reviewer: Maybe better to say 
```suggestion
For the sake of expressiveness, and so you can be mix dynamic and explicit arguments.
```

Author: I like that better yes, thank you

Do not use setters, they cause more problems than they can solve.

> [sideeffect]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Side_effect_(computer_science)

Author: fixed
